Jim Kurose
Jim Kurose is a Distinguished University Professor in the College of Information 
and Computer Sciences at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, where 
he has been on the faculty since receiving his PhD in computer science from 
Columbia University. He received a BA in physics from Wesleyan University. 
He has held a number of visiting scientist positions in the United States and 
abroad, including IBM Research, INRIA, and the Sorbonne University in 
France. He recently completed a five-year term as Assistant Director at the 
US National Science Foundation, where he led the Directorate of Computer 
and Information Science and Engineering in its mission to uphold the nation’s 
leadership in scientific discovery and engineering innovation.
Jim is proud to have mentored and taught an amazing group of students, 
and to have received a number of awards for his research, teaching, and 
service, including the IEEE Infocom Award, the ACM SIGCOMM Lifetime 
Achievement Award, the ACM Sigcomm Test of Time Award, and the  
IEEE Computer Society Taylor Booth Education Medal. Dr. Kurose is a for
mer Editor-in-Chief of IEEE Transactions on Communications and of IEEE/
ACM Transactions on Networking. He has served as Technical Program 
co-Chair for IEEE Infocom, ACM SIGCOMM, ACM Internet Measurement 
Conference, and ACM SIGMETRICS. He is a Fellow of the IEEE, the ACM 
and a member of the National Academy of Engineering. His research  
interests include network protocols and architecture, network measurement, 
multimedia communication, and modeling and performance evaluation.
Keith Ross
Keith Ross is the Dean of Engineering and Computer Science at NYU 
Shanghai and the Leonard J. Shustek Chair Professor in the Computer Science 
and Engineering Department at NYU. Previously he was at University of 
Pennsylvania (13 years), Eurecom Institute (5 years) and NYU-Poly (10 years). 
He received a B.S.E.E from Tufts University, a M.S.E.E. from Columbia 
University, and a Ph.D. in Computer and Control Engineering from The 
University of Michigan. Keith Ross is also the co-founder and original CEO 
of Wimba, which develops online multimedia applications for e-learning and 
was acquired by Blackboard in 2010.
Professor Ross’s research interests have been in modeling and meaurement 
of computer networks, peer-to-peer systems, content distribution networks, 
social networks, and privacy. He is currently working in deep reinforcement